Time to think about reducing some of the module content for class time again. You know, we students can go off and find this out, this information on their own, but actually, you know, especially if we're thinking at year one, thinking about how we supervise students in developing their process work. You know, thinking about workshops that you know do focus on the mechanics of writing or the mechanics of giving oral presentations. And then also, you know, again, I'm this is thinking about the writing element, redefining integrity language probably doesn't need to be included in a rubric any longer, because that can all be refined using AI. But actually, you know, integrity might be a new measure that comes into these theoretical assessments. So, you know, prioritizing accurate sourcing and tool declaration over you know the linguistic polish. So what does this mean in terms of how we approach writing assessments? So these are some of the main ideas that have come up through these discussions with faculty. And one element is really to bring in an element where we are assessing the process and not just assessing the final outcome. And that we actually maybe need to start assigning marks to to that process. And that could be through, you know, getting students to document their research journey, have conceptual notebooks or keep logs or drafts and again. You know, many of our studio modules students have to create what we call a CPJ, creative, creative process journal. I'm not very good with acronyms, creative process journal, so it's something that that our students are already used to, and maybe this is what we need to apply at the theoretical level. Again, you know this was maybe part the AI engagement may be part of the process based meeting. So you know, including AI prompts, response transcripts as accessible components, so that we verify you know, how students are interrogating the tools. The one issue with kind of moving more over to the process space is that we don't want this whole process to become onerous on lecturers, because they already have to grade and Mark assignments. So maybe, you know, if we're moving over to exploring the process processes more, we might need to, then think about, okay, bringing in more mixed workflows, so alternative formats, like pictorial essays, or it could be, you know, creating a short film, you know, because now you don't need to be a film student to create a film, that type of thing. So kind of exploring some of these alternative formats, you know, authorship trails using because we mostly use Google. You know, you can check edit history. So, you know, making sure that students allow us to be able to check version histories in terms of citing sources, I think it's more important than ever to make sure that, you know, sources and the reference list have their dois included to help facilitate checking the, you know, the the validity of the source, or, you know, web links, if there are hard copies, it's so easy to add a screenshot of the pages that have been used, and then the idea of maybe bringing in oral defenses or guidance to supplement the writing, and this is really to

measure or to assess whether the students have really been Engaging with the materials. Because again, you know, with the AI, able to create really polished pieces of work, our job is to ensure that our students are really engaging with the materials and that they know what they're talking about when they're writing their essays. So these are some of the ideas we're not enforcing these onto programs, but we're going to be kind of offering these as a bit of a toolkit so that programs to decide, can decide what routes they want to go down, in terms of, you know, reshaping their assessments for particularly for the theoretical components, because that's for us here at La Salle, is one of the most problematic areas at this stage, you know, because the lecturers are kind of saying, Well, I can't tell you know what the student has written, what the AI has written. And, of course, the AI detection tools are really, really unreliable, and so I always say to lecturers, preferably don't use them, but if you're using them, really take them with a pinch of salt. So I'm going to stop sharing. It's not a very long sharing, but it's really just to kind of start talking about what we're doing, how we're thinking about moving forward as an organization, as an institution, and if anyone has any comments or ideas or anything to add, that would be great.

Thank you, Damaris. Anyone has any questions, any immediate questions for Damaris.

Just a quick comment. Thank you so much for sharing. I think the institutional perspective is really important. The idea of using the Google Docs, revision history, I think, I think that's, that's really wonderful idea, because we have this technology that enable us to track the writing process. I need to check about the Google API, whether, whether API would x would be able to access the revision history, because then we the AI can actually help to track the we need to check that, but, but I think, I think this is approach. It's, it's really important, because otherwise, you know, if you just look at a product of a student's assignment or whatever, when it's take home, you know, you have no idea whether it's just copy and paste from Ai. So, and we always have concerns, right? You know, if you just ask AI to do everything, how you internalize? For students to internalize, to turn this into their own skills?

Yeah, so, so in that case, Simon, I'm curious, what do you do in HKB?

Well, I think it's very diverse, you know. You know, basically every teacher, or course coordinator will come up with our own practices and well, it's a little bit unfortunate, but I think a lot of teachers actually just start going backwards of doing in class thing, or even paper based assessment, mainly because we haven't really figured out kind of a viable way to deal with this kind of this wave of AI. But I'm sure that things have to change, because look at the workplace these days, right the place where we send our students. It's already like aI everywhere. So, so if we just start say, Oh, you have to go back to the to the traditional way of writing or whatever, to show your skills, I don't think that's the but, but again, we're, we're in a transitional period, essentially.

I mean, I think, I think, you know, we've been working on this for some time, but I think what's really pushed it more recently is is feedback from industry that is basically saying, you know, we want AI literate graduates, so, you know, we really have to make sure that we're not doing a disservice to our students.

I think the situation in NUS is quite similar to what Simon has described, like it's still a problem, but we still haven't figured out the perfect solution for everyone, because every discipline has its own difficulties, but maybe I can share like from a student perspective. So I'm actually also doing a lot of education, and it's from UI, UC, so it's from a university in the US, and the approach is very different from us. So instead of like banning AI from us, they force us to use AI, yeah, like the other way around. So we have to use the AI tool that I'm doing the Doctor of Education. So the Department of Education build their own AI tool, and we are forced to write our essay on the AI tool on the AI platform that they develop. So on that platform, we have like 10 AI features that help us to brainstorming, do literature review and that kind of thing. And it's kind of like the process writing that Damaris has mentioned. So we have to talk to the AI chat board, and then we have to ask the AI to give us feedback, and then we have to reflect on the AI feedback that is given to us, and then we write our paper, and then we also do peer review as well. I think peer feedback is maybe one way to try to get the students to do reflection and really engage on the materials. Yeah? So maybe that can be something that we can think about as well. Because I think maybe in Asia, we kind of tend to ban students to use AI, but then in that course, I'm forced to use AI, yeah, so maybe we can find a balance between the two perspectives.

Thank you. Thanks for sharing. It's really interesting.

Yeah, any other questions? I think I have a question. Damaris just now shared with you the AI literacy and fluency framework that we are offering to our students. So I'm also curious, do NUS and NHK B have like mandatory ai ai literacy courses for all your undergraduates? I

Yes, Simon and Karina, would you have mandatory AI literacy courses for your graduates? If, yes, maybe, maybe you share with us, what are those modules that you get your students to do?

Yeah, in my university, I think it starts from this year the cohort, the new cohort, year one, students are required to take two credit. General education course is called AI for good, also AI for social good, and it's offered by computer science department. So I'm not personally involved in the course, but yeah, that's the start. That's, that's the requirement for the for all the new students.

Yeah. So same in NUS aware, experimenting what kind of compulsory courses that we can offer to the students. And yeah. So I think they are also doing some sort of AI Literacy Framework this slide, and maybe they'll roll out something new next semester.

All right, we still have a few more minutes. Anyone for any general questions that you have, looks

like we're good. No questions. All right. With that, I think we can wrap up. I would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to our speakers, Karina Simon and Damaris, for all your practical contributions today, and also, thank you to our participants for your questions, as well as our external guests who have been joining, who has joined the La Salle community online. So I hope we leave today with new ideas, fresh ideas on how we can implement active, participatory learning in our own context. So with that, have a wonderful evening, everyone. Thank you very much.

Thank you and goodbye. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
